The famous playwright William shakespere is possibly the most well known auther of all time. Many common words and turns of phrase originate to his original works, demonstrating his drastic impat on the world even today - thus making a strong argument for why studying his work would make sense. However, shakespere lived from 1564 to 1616. This is over 300 years ago, and as expected, the world has changed. While some of the major themes he wrights about are stll relevent - love, family and power - most of the refrances to daily life have been long outdated. SHakespere is notoriously difficult to understand, not only because of the diction used, but because of the obscure refrances made. The useless knowlage required to fully understand shakespere renders his work obsolete. While it stull may be a masterful work of art, it is not something that is worth learning the backround knowlage for.
Shakespere is also not representative of everyones experience in life. He deals heavily with upper class struggles, a theme not relatable to most of the world. More importantly, many of theese strggles are not ones that are relatable to anyone today, making it im[ossible to land a joke or use current events for an analogy. Because of this, even the most educated on shakespere’s time will not be able to fully experience the play that he wrote, simply because of the time passed.The rush of adrenaline and the nervous energy I felt as I slipped the Klan hood over my head left me with a deep sense of unease, a tense knot in the pit of stomach. This was the first time we had run this scene with all the costumes, and the flickering orange light, cues I designed to represent torchlight - along with the symbols of hate that I wore - made for a frighteningly real experience. This was The Foreigner, a play whose antagonists are the Ku Klux Klan and their ignorant motives. A week before it was set to open, the school decided not to expose the community to the content of the show. The news, while devastating at first, was understandable, since recent events, such the Tree of Life Synagogue shooting, turned a comedy that was meant to show the power of the underdog into a raw depiction of hate - a representation that would leave few audience members with smiles on their faces. That being said, my doody as an actor is to put on the show no matter what, and to leave the audience with an enjoyable experience. In the past, these two goals have been accomplished harmoniously - this essay is about an experience when they didn't.
	When the cast found out, we sat in a circle; many of us shared the conflicting sides of this ethical dilemma, and we talked about what this meant for an all-white cast to produce this play in a diverse community. I shared a story that encapsulated my conflict, both as a devoted actor and a responsible community member: after seeing me in the dress rehearsal, my grandmother, in the car ride home, said that she was left with a pit in her stomach feelings of helplessness, of dread and sadness about the state of the world. Obviously, as stewards of our community, we could not in good conscience put on a play that we knew would leave that kind of lasting impact. Thus, a collective decision was made: snippets of comedy, featuring all cast members, would be shown to the community, and a forum would be held discussing the shows challenges and blind spots. To be honest, this felt better than nothing, but still as though much was sacrificed. But then again, what would have been lost if we had performed the entire show? Our reputations? Our school’s Quaker philosophy? My integrity as an actor, not to mention my morals as a human being?
So, it begs the question - what was the “right” thing to do? What I learned from this experience is that the answer is, quite often, ambiguous. My other interests include computer programming and 3D printing, fields in which there are specific answers to every problem and ambiguity is scarce. Any error one encounters while running a program can be researched, any bug fixed; if not, there is always another way to go about solving the issue. Both 3D printing and programming carry with them mindsets of straightforward right and wrong: it either works, or it doesn't.
In short, what I realized from this heart wrenching experience is that the importance of a project lies in its process - not the product. In my engineering work, I put more value into the skills I learn along the way than what I end up building. A history of past failures and ambitious projects as yet unfinished has led me to appreciate the value of resilience. I know, a prototype never works on the first try, no matter how careful and meticulous one is, and as I found out, the same applies to theatre. The clear cut error definitions in engineering juxtaposed with the ambiguity and subjectivity of art creates a dichotomy that would be lost without the presence of both. These converse ideals, opposites by any definition, work together within me to manifest who I am today

Haptic Biofeedback: Improving the Accessible, 3D Printed Prosthetic Hand

Parker Sexton
ECU Summer Ventures
Carolina Friends School

Introduction

There are an estimated 3 million upper limb amputees worldwide [1], and there are a lot of problems with modern prosthetics. The cost of a high-end prosthetic arm with the ability to move digits independently is so user-specific that they can cost up to $ 60,000 [3], above the average yearly salary of us households - not to mention amputees worldwide. This leaves many amputees without proper prosthetic devices, significantly lowering their quality of life.
    After the rise of the maker movement, and the lower cost of desktop 3D printers, organizations like e-NABLE have tried to bridge the gap between makers and amputees. For young children that continue to grow (where an expensive long term prosthetic would make little sense) and for amputees that don't have the funds for an expensive device, 3d printing is the perfect solution - except these devices have one drawback: they rely exclusively on visual feedback.
Problem Definition
An alternative to expensive prosthetics is a wrist powered device without motors. Even so, this costs anywhere from 4,000 to 20,000 [2] The solution is an even lower cost 3d printed design with the same wrist movement, but the files can be downloaded and printed for free by anyone with a 3d printer. The one problem with these hands is that they rely solely on visual feedback, requiring the user to be looking at the hand while it is in use.
    When using one of these 3D printed prosthetic devices, the only way for the wearer to know whether they have contacted something is visually, if they can see it. If the user where to rest their hand on the stove or hit it against a wall without looking, there would be no haptic response as there would with a human hand. This critical drawback is the problem in question for this project.
While 3d printed prosthetic arms exist, they rely only on visual feedback no haptic feedback is included. Modern prosthetics are capable of neurological input, however, they are experimental and extremely expensive. Devices that move independently are around 18,000 dollars, a price that puts them out of the possibility for low-income families.
Constraints and Specifications
Any solution to this problem would preferably be as low cost and simple as possible, to make the product accessible to a wide patient base. Given that communities of makers and amputees already exists, a potential problem would consist of not just a prototype, but also a list of low-cost parts and a guide of how to assemble it. With these attributes, the prototype could be uploaded to the e-NABLE community and others like it to introduce a prosthetic option with biofeedback to the market of low-cost prosthetic devices.
Ideation
The first step in the design process was to find a hand to modify, to implement the haptic feedback onto. After looking at a few popular models, such as the cyborg beast or phoenix hand, the flexy hand 2 was chosen for its unique hinge system and lifelike appearance. The flexy hand 2 utilizes flexible filament, a filament that can be printed into bending parts. Due to its elasticity, it can be difficult to use with some 3d printers, as it is hard to push through a tube. It frequently gets jammed, and it is hard to load into the extruder. That being said, the possibilities of 3d printing is greatly expanded when using flexible materials. Because there was access to a printer that was able to print this material, the flexible filament was chosen. The alternative design to these joints requires more hardware (cables and screws) to create joints and to allow the hand to return to an open position when not in use.
Second came the process for receiving and delivering haptic feedback. The first idea was a basic design with sensors at the tip of each finger. These sensors would detect pressure, and send that data to the Arduino board. After further research into the implementation, ease of use, accuracy, and cost of these devices, the force-sensitive resistor was the best option for the data gathering method or “feelers” for the project.
Then came the delivery mechanism. There where many ways to deliver neural input, by changing pressure, heat, sound, or light, but different devices hand pros and cons. This decision was crucial to the use of the prosthetic, so a comfortable, reliable, and distinct input was ideal. Much of the decision-making process was done by making diagrams, doing research, and conferring with peers.
Solution Alternatives
At the beginning of the design process, the plan was to receive data from pressure sensors and deliver a shock to the muscles with a transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation or TENS unit like device. (figure 1) This would deliver an electric shock only powerful enough to alert the user that they are in contact with something. However, this solution was not ideal for prolonged contact. Also, there would be extra power needed to power the TENS unit.

The second option was simply a servo motor, with an arm that applies pressure when input from the force sensitive resistor is received. This would be relatively simple to implement, and not require any external power, and be easy to control. That being said, prolonged contact with a servo arm could lead to soreness and pain.

Analysis of Alternatives
To decide on the best method of sensory input, a criteria matrix was created. The categories where reliability, the possibility of a variable input, safety, and ability to remain constant.  Reliability and accuracy were weighted 40%, as the consistency and ease of use of the device was a priority. Ability to deliver variable input was weighted 30%, not quite as important but still a feature that would ideally be included. Safety and consistency were both 15% as less important but still preferable.

Recommendations
The analysis of alternative methods resulted in the decision to use vibrating motors. They are low cost, easy to use, and deliver a reliable, safe, and consistent signal to the user. The motors will be controlled with an arduino nano board. The motors will provide input via vibrations, a process known as vibrotactile feedback. It has been shown to greatly improve the use of prosthetics in comparison with prosthetics without vibrotactile feedback or VBIF [5]. This technology has also been used to allow easier learning of control of a prosthetic arm, proving that it is a valuable feature that greatly increases the use of a prosthetic device [6]. To implement and use VBIF in a prosthetic device, the sensors should be placed strategically in frequently contacted places of the hand, such as the tip of the finger. The chosens sensors, force sensitive resistors, act as variable resistors that increase as pressure is applied. Therefore, the vibration of the motor can be varied based on the amount  of pressure applied to the sensor. When completed, the device will function as not just the already powerful affordable 3d printed prosthetic device, but also have the added haptic feedback feature that greatly increases its usability while only minorly reising its price.
Conclusion
The completed device, when implemented with communities that link makers with amputees, will improve the lives of many around the world at little to no cost to the patient. The entire cost of the devices’ materials is around 50 dollars, a much more accessible cost that 18,000 dollars.
